it's just pure escapism for me it's the
perfect antidote to normal everyday life
the quote the gas Ferrum used in the
first sub-surface was it's good to have
an end to a journey where it's the
journey that matters in the end you're
always glad when it journey comes to an
end because you don't have to go through
all that hardship anymore you know
everyone knows that my only vision for
these sort of fish but but when the dust
to settle and you've calmed down you you
hunger after it and you want to go and
get it again I got into this kind of
pattern of fishing for fish that aren't
caught and I think the challenge of
finding those particular fish is it's
almost as much as a fishing for me is a
bit like trying to get a rare-book most
collect books and I've got a lot of hard
backs now but don't collect letters
anymore it it's just something I prefer
you know I like the wild aspects of the
unknown and not ever known what you're
going to catch I think that's why fish
determines for a long time and still do
it you just never know what's going to
be on the other end and it's it's just I
just love the adventure and and then not
knowing and I think fishing for rivers
for years you get a unique kind of sense
of being alone and to the point where
particular on the Midlands rivers which
will have miles of countryside you
wouldn't see anybody and that's made it
very difficult in corphish in terms for
me now because if I see another angler
on a water I'll feel like I'm being
encroached even though at the moment
it's like 25 acres or whatever and
there's only three of us on it I still
feel like I haven't got it to myself
anymore and that that doesn't feel this
night itself is really but
and usually I like to sort of be in a
spot where I can see a lot of the lake
or you know a spot that's going to get a
lot of the Sun if it's in the spring but
also you know a lot of these waters last
couple years a spot where I'm not gonna
guess so you know I mean definitely when
I was fishing in the mirror I was I was
hiding better than I was fishing to
start with no question of that and in
the end I just start to accept the fact
that I've decided to fish there and if I
got caught or got a call and I fished a
lot better for it and I had a fish very
quickly you know and it was just one of
those things you just kind of get that
kind of mindset before you fish a lot of
water like that and you've got it in
your head that has if you put your
finger up from behind a tree you're
gonna get an 800 pound fine
generally speaking I'm not a real person
and I think that generally speaking the
fish again the type of cop got a fish
for if it goes it goes you know I've
only have really fish warm water when
police were very sensitive to rigs that
was a car part like and I think I over
baked it on there I've got totally
caught up in me you know
sensitive this sensitive that critically
balanced in you know flattening loads of
gluing the light bottom to the legs you
know and I think all those things we're
positive but I ended up chasing my tail
I think if I just stuck to our fish you
know and just concentrated on the
watercraft side of it then I think
things would have been a little bit
different I've had some interesting sort
of feedback from a few good anglers
about this light now it's got a lot of
stock fish in trying to get through and
I've been using massive great big hook
baits I will I'll show you some of those
updates orally and they were saying that
you know because you called competing
against a stocked fish now just by
logistics if you've got a really great
big massive fish if you use some really
blatant like an 18 mil pop-up or
something like that on quite a big
bettor and stiffly those little fish
won't go near it'll be so obviously
wrong whereas if a 40 or 50 pound fish
comes in it just by us literally
literally by the size of it it won't
make that recognition and you'll
probably catch it it's really
interesting thought process and you know
it stands true for you know the
digestive Terry Dempsey was telling me
this and he was saying that people on
the cut there's people on the cons that
catch the biggest fish in the lake and
yet they don't catch many so you know
twenty pound thirty pound fish will look
at someone really sort of obtrusive and
horrible like that and just won't go
near it and then they get one bite a
year and it's 55 pound you know and that
makes a lot of sense to me I haven't had
the guts to use it yet line but I think
it would work definitely it just it just
makes sense
do you find that there's sort of the
commercialization of carp fishing
there's knocks out the spirit of it I
think it's made it banal it certainly
turns out the same thing on a monthly
basis and as I say that's fine if you
mean to that but why not for something
that's going to sort of not challenge
you think in a search because it's not
meant to be an intellectual stamps on
things at all you know it's just an
alternative viewpoint and to try and get
some of the spirit back into it and the
adventure and you know the reason why we
like to sit under trees and just be out
there you know it's not really about
holding fish or look at this you know as
element of that because we all like that
but it's more about sort of you know
it's a lot of incidental photography in
there like kettles boiling and you know
rods against iron work and people
fishing next to motorways and things
like that and it's more about the
stories and the heart of it and the soul
of it and I think that's that's
something that's gone it's just that you
know it's it's become X Factor and not a
variety of core or all different ways of
thinking and doing it and I think that's
for me that's what subsurface is